# Shattered by Stone
    #### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/QyBc-OGVh94>
    #### Description:
        Shattered by Stone is an incremental mining game. The game features turned-based combat, meaning that, yes, the rocks will fight back! The player battles rocks ranging from common to epic rarities, and eventually, fights the legendary Pickaxeite rock. To do so, the player must purchase the three pickaxes and various gears offered by the shop to defeat this rock. The program uses several functions to create this experience, most notably the mine function, the shop function, and the travel function.
        The mine function uses four helper functions in total: choose_rarity(), generate_rock(rarity), battle(player, rock, rarity), and pickaxeium(player). The mine function first checks if the player has purchased the final pickaxe, and if so, pairs the player up with the final boss of the game, pickaxeium. Otherwise, the mine function will proceed by printing the mine-entrance dialogue and checks if the player succeeded at the 5% chance of pickaxeium showing up prematurely. In this case, the pickaxium will have its own print function to foreshadow the future boss fight. Once this is done, it saves a rarity variable using choose_rarity(), which holds either a "common", "rare", or "epic" string. This string is made relevant when called as a parameter in the next line, which saves a rock variable using generate_rock(rarity), generating a random amount of health, damage, and gold drop depending on the previously found rarity. Once this is done, the mine function will initiate a battle between the player and the rock using battle(player, rock, rarity). The battle function is responsible for the turn-based combat seen in the Demo, providing 5 action items, three of which come from purchasable gears. Selecting "mine" will cause the player to attack the rock, inflicting damage based on the strength of the player's pickaxe. Once the player uses "mine", the rock will fight back, unless already dead, dealing damage to the player based on its rarity. The user can die from the rock's attacks, however, the user can also run away from the fight if necessary by using the action item "run". The action items "potion" and "apple" both strengthen the player by increasing their health and temporarily increasing their mining power, respectively. The action item "flashlight" allows the user to check the rarity of the rock they've engaged, helping them gauge if the rock is worth mining. If the player dies, the program will exit the game, otherwise, the player is rewarded with gold based on the rarity of the rock they mined.
        The shop function allows the player to use the gold mined from rocks. The shop offers several purchasable items that significantly affect progress. The most significant of which would be the pickaxes. The shop offers four pickaxes in particular: the starter pickaxe, which the player starts the game with; the iron pickaxe, dealing double the damage of the starter pickaxe; the diamond pickaxe, again dealing double the damage of the iron pickaxe; and the mythical pickaxe, dealing 10 more damage than the diamond pickaxe. However, in order to fight the final boss of the game, pickaxeite, the player must purchase the mythical pickaxe. Purchasing the mythical pickaxe will update the final_pickaxe variable to True, which automatically triggers the boss fight when the player travels to the mines. Even after purchasing the mythical pickaxe, though, the player will lose to the pickaxeite unless they purchase gears. The shop offers three gears: the potion, restoring 40 of the player's health-points on use; the apple, increasing the player's mining power for the duration of the fight on use; and the flashlight, a permanent gear that allows the player to identify the rarity of the rock they are fighting. The player will not be able to: repurchase a pickaxe, purchase any item with insufficient funds, and repurchase the flashlight gear.
        The travel function allows the player to use all of the other functions, providing a GUI that allows the player to move between the mines and the shop. The travel function also allows the player to access the stats function, which displays all of the player's contemporary stats and items, including: their name, HP, gold, mine power, pickaxe level, potions, apples, and whether or not they own a flashlight. On top of all of this, the travel function allows the player to manually exit the game without having to die. By entering "4" into the travel function's input, the player is able to trigger sys.exit(0) and exit the game.



